Congratulations. You've done a fantastic job by completing this lesson.
You've learned the two essential key features of the SLAM problem.
The first feature lies in two forms,
which are the OnlineSLAM and the FootSLAM problem.
The second feature to the SLAM problem is related to its continuous discrete nature.
Then, you were exposed to the challenges of SLAM.
The continuous nature of the SLAM problem
posed a big challenge because of the high dimension of posterior.
In addition, the discrete nature of the SLAM problem poses
another challenge because of a large number of correspondence values that exists.
Moving on, you were introduced to the FastSLAM algorithm.
We choose the particle filter approach along with
a low-dimensional extended Kalman filter estimation to solve the SLAM problem.
You've also learned how to overcome some drawbacks to
the FastSLAM algorithm by adapting it to grid
maps which resulted in the grid based FastSLAM algorithm.
You saw how the grid based FastSLAM algorithm implements part of
the MCL algorithm along with the occupancy grid mapping algorithm.
And finally, you've moved to simulation where you implemented
a G-mapping ROS package based on the grid
based FastSLAM algorithm to map the environment and estimate the robot path.
That's it for now.
Stay tuned for another SLAM algorithm in the upcoming lesson.